Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Yes.
Serenna Beers: How are you
iPhone: I'm good, how are you
Serenna Beers: Good, thank you.
Serenna Beers: How do you say your name.
iPhone: You can call me Shola
Serenna Beers: Shola. That's really pretty. I've never seen a name like like that. Thank you.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so we're here to do your bio psychosocial I'm Serena and. Have you ever sat through a bio psychosocial before
iPhone: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so it's just, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and it just has to do with your background, which gives me a better better understanding of who you are and how it is that we can best best help you
Serenna Beers: So, if you don't mind, we, we will just start
Serenna Beers: Tell me, what brings you here to bright heart health, and why and why now.
iPhone: That's another thing my phone freezes up often
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, we will do our best to work through that. Let me see if I can open my blind. So you can see a little bit better. I'm really dark, it seems like
Serenna Beers: That, oh that's dark, too.
Serenna Beers: Is that OK. K, or is there a glare.
Serenna Beers: It's fine. Okay. Alright.
Serenna Beers: So go ahead and start. Whenever you're ready, unless you didn't hear the question that I asked.
iPhone: I didn't hear you.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what brings you to bright heart health, and why why now.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: I was with Dr groves and the community health center.
iPhone: Mm hmm. And she left and then she signed on with bright heart so
iPhone: We were all told to sign up with bright, bright heart.
Serenna Beers: Okay, yeah, I just did a bio psycho with someone else to, well, then I believe I will be your therapist, and so we can talk after this you know i i don't know if you're seeing anyone now, but depending on what you need, or how comfortable that that you feel
Serenna Beers: I, I would like to at least visit with you outside of groups, you know, like once every couple of weeks more if you you know need it.
Serenna Beers: So tell me your story then with your substances, when, where, where did everything start when when were you first exposed how it progressed and then when, at what point was it the absolute worst
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: Well, I
iPhone: I've been around drugs, my whole life. My parents. Parents were heroin addicts and
iPhone: Grew marijuana in my bedroom my room.
iPhone: And so I've been around it my whole childhood, whatever, and
iPhone: I started smoking weed.
iPhone: How ugly.
iPhone: Well, I started drinking and smoking weed probably in the seventh grade.
iPhone: Mm hmm. And then I'm
iPhone: Mainly drink for most of it. Most of my
iPhone: High school years, and I did do a little bit of coke.
iPhone: But nothing
iPhone: I got pregnant. So I didn't do anything wrong.
iPhone: Or any substances and
iPhone: Then
iPhone: Have this witnesses and I stayed straight on that for 18 years
iPhone: Just drinking
iPhone: So I've always been a drinker.
iPhone: Okay, and
iPhone: Then I got to spell ships and divorced and or vice versa.
iPhone: And then
iPhone: I
iPhone: Didn't do anything once in a while, I would get like biking in for my teeth or whatever. And I would use that and not take it according to
iPhone: The directions.
iPhone: But nothing nothing out of control. Too much um
iPhone: Let's see. So then I was single for a while, met somebody we were together for a year, then found some his parents bike, it ends and we started off on that for four years.
iPhone: We took our Isaac bike in
iPhone: Axes
iPhone: Methadone
iPhone: Never gotten into
iPhone: Anything else heavy like you know mass or
iPhone: Heroin and
iPhone: Then after him. Nice split up it mainly not Narcos or Viking was in my life and I had seen pseudo seizures.
iPhone: And
iPhone: They would prescribe me bike it in because of the
iPhone: Pain, you know, of flexing and
iPhone: Everything that I went through for that so
iPhone: Then I was called in for a prescription count.
iPhone: And I had the right amount of pills that they did a toxicology on me and I have too much in my system.
iPhone: So they cut me off and told me about Suboxone
iPhone: Mm hmm. And so I went into the program and I've been on Suboxone for
iPhone: Oh,
iPhone: I would say six years, maybe seven. Not that long six years.
iPhone: And I've relapsed three times on math.
iPhone: And
iPhone: I'm struggling with math now.
Okay.
iPhone: So that's where I'm at.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any history of suicidal ideation or homicidal ideation any any any type of self harm like cutting or or anything like like that.
iPhone: I've ever had one attempt. Well, I've had two attempts and when I was a most successful
iPhone: And and it was just that was when I was going through my divorce.
iPhone: Okay. And my dad died at the same time. So,
iPhone: I have a lot
iPhone: Um,
Serenna Beers: How long ago was that
iPhone: It's been years. Okay.
iPhone: Okay, yeah, I still struggle with that.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever done any sort of grief counseling or anything like like that to process that.
iPhone: No, I'm in counseling right now. I just started with George at the clinic.
iPhone: Okay, he's
iPhone: For some reason, I really connect with him.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
iPhone: Good, I hope.
Hopefully,
iPhone: I'll be able to have that in my life.
Serenna Beers: Good.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me about growing up. What was your. Oh, wait a minute, I forgot to ask you about chronic pain.
Serenna Beers: Is there any form. Do you suffer from chronic pain at at at all.
iPhone: And
iPhone: I have bad feet my toes have been operated on before
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
iPhone: And I have plantar fasciitis.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
iPhone: And so it's not debilitating or anything like that, but it is daily pain I
iPhone: Mean, nothing else.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about growing up. What was your family life like. Like, were you doing opted. Were you raised by both parents, biological, do you have brothers and sisters were, you were your parents to gather through your childhood. Did anybody in your home.
Serenna Beers: Life struggle with mental health or
Serenna Beers: Substance abuse or food or anything.
iPhone: And
iPhone: I lived with my mom and my step dad.
iPhone: And like I said, they were heroin addicts.
iPhone: Yeah, and grew pot to
iPhone: Sell um
iPhone: Yeah, I have a brother and a half sister and
iPhone: Life was hell.
iPhone: And I wasn't protected as a child.
iPhone: And from other men and
iPhone: There was lots of fighting
iPhone: Yeah, lots going on.
Serenna Beers: Not to
Serenna Beers: To stir up more pain, but it's important that I asked you this stuff when you say bye. You weren't protected from men were you sexually abused.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay.
Serenna Beers: For a number of years, not that I mean one time is too many. But I'm just wondering how long the traumatic event went on.
iPhone: Well, one example is two weeks she left me with a man for two weeks. Me and my brother.
iPhone: And
iPhone: He introduced us to all kinds of things and
iPhone: Yeah. Other situations like incidence of
iPhone: Waking up and having a drag man in my bedroom pulling mind or down and
iPhone: Different things. So, yes.
Sorry.
Serenna Beers: So your mom and your stepdad were they did heroin right or pot both
Serenna Beers: Okay, and your siblings, you had a half half brother or half sister.
iPhone: Have a sister and a brother.
Serenna Beers: And they both they both also did drugs.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Did you notice for either you and or your family members, any, any other type of addictive type of things such as gambling working a lot awareness of
Serenna Beers: Shopping were, were there any type of process addictions stuff, stuff like that that you
iPhone: Know down
My mom's
iPhone: a gambler. She's addicted to it.
iPhone: Okay, and
iPhone: I went through a time when I was married that I was addicted to shopping. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you ever struggle with it now.
iPhone: No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about tell me about school what was school like how far did you go in high school and. Had you gone past that. Did you ever struggle with learning disabilities.
Serenna Beers: Were there any events that stood out during, during school years.
iPhone: No, I, I got your school. I did some cheating.
Mm hmm.
iPhone: I made it through high school.
Serenna Beers: Hi.
Serenna Beers: Did you ever serve in the military.
No.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any financial or legal issues that you are concerned, certain certain about it all.
iPhone: Um, well, I got a DUI on the fourth
iPhone: Of July.
iPhone: And I barely made it through that I'm still doing community service. Well, I'm not doing community service right now has been called up
iPhone: Mm hmm. But that really set me back.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about are you in a current relationship now.
Serenna Beers: No. And do you have any kids.
iPhone: I have four daughters.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about them.
iPhone: My oldest lives in Florida.
iPhone: She's a phlebotomist
iPhone: Okay and and i'm going school to be a nurse.
iPhone: My next
iPhone: Is Jordan Sheila's and central point
iPhone: And she's going to school to be a doctor.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Brick.
iPhone: Lives in Reno.
iPhone: And she's a
iPhone: Personal Trainer.
iPhone: And then my youngest my 18 year old lives with me, and she's a
iPhone: firefighter and works with the
iPhone: mentally challenged
Wow.
iPhone: Yeah, they're all really good girls women.
Serenna Beers: So who do you live with. Do you, is it just you and your daughter.
Serenna Beers: Right, okay.
Serenna Beers: I'm trying to see if I missed anything here. So tell me, what are some like what are, what are three goals that you hope to he while
Serenna Beers: Attending groups with with us.
iPhone: Well,
iPhone: Not being frozen would be one goal.
Serenna Beers: You mean with your phone.
iPhone: Yeah, it's I'm usually frozen. You're the first meaning. I've been where I haven't been hardly frozen.
Serenna Beers: Oh, yay.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Well, I went, because they're not testing us.
iPhone: Mm hmm. And
iPhone: I have a lot of free time on my hands.
iPhone: And
iPhone: I pretty much wanted to use for the last week and a half.
Mm hmm.
iPhone: So,
iPhone: staying connected at with the meetings will hopefully keep me clean
Mm hmm.
iPhone: Um,
Serenna Beers: What type of meetings are you speaking of like na or a or do you mean nice
iPhone: I meant by heart.
iPhone: Okay we any closed down.
iPhone: So today.
Serenna Beers: You can do it online through zoom now.
iPhone: What was that
Serenna Beers: You can go to online meetings.com I think it is or if you just do a search, find an online NA meeting, it'll pull up a website and they actually do zoom, just like this.
iPhone: Okay, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Just, just a little extra help there. You know, for those nights when you're struggling
iPhone: Sure.
iPhone: But I haven't really thought of any goals. This is a new process to me and it's been very frustrating so far.
iPhone: Yeah, and I've been in the waiting room for over 15 minutes before we arrived lights and my group.
iPhone: Was was told that I had to do surveys and
iPhone: This meeting. I wasn't told about. I mean, there's a lot
iPhone: more to this than
iPhone: That it's it's frustrating if you know if you're not familiar with being online.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
iPhone: And if it worries me about people who don't have an iPhone, like I do, and you know
iPhone: So I don't know. I don't really have any goals when it comes to re art just get into my groups.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about I don't necessarily mean
Serenna Beers: Goals for bright how bright heart. I came to say it goals for bright heart, per se. I mean goals for yourself that we can assist you with. Does that make sense so like, what, what do you hope to work on. I mean, what is your overall goal with attending groups.
iPhone: Just said listen to try to
iPhone: Look, learn what other people are doing.
iPhone: Mm hmm. And
iPhone: Stay connected and hopefully being encouraging.
iPhone: Others.
Serenna Beers: That's good. That's a start, you know,
Serenna Beers: Yeah, um, do you have someone that you call when you're feeling really triggered, like when you want to use really bad. Is there, is there a. Is there a point person that you try to call or is
Serenna Beers: What do you, what do you do, especially because you just shared with me that your cravings, or your desire to use has been pretty strong. What do you do
iPhone: Anybody right now.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: That's what my concern was
Serenna Beers: So,
iPhone: I'm in how people are doing it. Okay.
Serenna Beers: I'm going to give you a little tool, if you don't mind.
Serenna Beers: Because it's not. I mean, it's tough. Any, any way. But then you throw on all this stuff where we have to stay home and
Serenna Beers: You know, we can't go anywhere. We can't do the things that we used to do for self care. It makes it really hard and it makes it. I mean, it's hard. Anyway, but you throw addiction on it. I mean, you're already struggling just to get through the day. And now all of a sudden we have all this
iPhone: Right, I
Serenna Beers: Mean, that's like compound and that's like pouring salt on in open moon right
Serenna Beers: Right, right.
Serenna Beers: So I'm going to share my screen for a second. Let me see if I can do a whiteboard here.
Serenna Beers: Can you see me so
iPhone: Yes.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so this is what I like to call it, there's a short term and it's called stupa you've probably never heard of it. And I would imagine, because
Serenna Beers: I made up the word. It's a thing that that's been going or that's been around forever. I just made up a short term.
Serenna Beers: For it because I could never remember it. And this doesn't only have to be for like when you want to use this can be with anything when you can't can troll. Your, your
Serenna Beers: Anger rage when you're really sad and and you're tired of being sad and you want to feel happy again this can be used for anything. This isn't just substance but in your particular
Serenna Beers: Case I would like you to
Serenna Beers: Try to do it when you feel like you want to use. And you're like, at your wit's end and you're ready to call the the dope man or dope.
Serenna Beers: Lady or who your person. Right, right. So, it's called a stupa and what a stupa is in in every relapse. All right, we start with situation thought, let me write this out.
Serenna Beers: Situation thought, feeling urge action. Right. So our situation it's I want to use
Serenna Beers: Just, I want to use. That's my situation. I want to use. And I'm going to use. If I don't figure this crap out right
Serenna Beers: Right, what comes along with those type of thoughts. I want to use thought
Serenna Beers: Well,
Serenna Beers: They aren't testing me right now.
Serenna Beers: Right.
Serenna Beers: Right testing. Let me go like
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Serenna Beers: Okay. They are testing.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, this thing wants to give me grief right now.
Serenna Beers: Let me go, hang on.
Serenna Beers: Do
Serenna Beers: Of course, that did that. Okay. They aren't testing me right now you're just gonna have to deal with the space. So sorry right now.
Serenna Beers: Right now, so that that would be a yucky thought right
iPhone: Right.
Serenna Beers: My feeling my be
Serenna Beers: Anxious right I might feel worried. Heck, I might even have a little bit of excitement because with that comes, kind of like adrenaline right that pre digital like you're getting ready to, you know, like when you're waiting on it and you, you feel that anxiety. Right.
Serenna Beers: Is worried. And I know you know exactly what I'm saying. Worried anxious fear because what if all of a sudden, tomorrow we bust out testing again. Right. So there's that fear.
Serenna Beers: Maybe there's some depression because it's like, why can I figure this out. I don't know how people do it, why, why. So you might have some of that.
Serenna Beers: Which
Serenna Beers: I don't know why this thing is not doing this. Okay, so
Serenna Beers: Let's go urge so my urge is going to be to us. Right. How could it not be if I have a thought of, well, they aren't testing me right right now. I'm feeling anxious, depressed worried
Serenna Beers: And I've got some fear. Why would not use that would be my urge well if my urge is to use. What do you think I'm likely to do
iPhone: You
Serenna Beers: Let me capitalize that right
Serenna Beers: Right. Well, that is no boy. No, we don't want that. We don't like that. That's not where your goal is right. Your goal is I'm trying to get through this out using. Okay, so here is where the magic. Are you ready to hear some really good news.
iPhone: Here. Okay.
Serenna Beers: We're going to start all over. We're going to clear it.
Serenna Beers: Clear All drawings. Okay, we're gonna start over with the same thing. We're gonna go situation.
Serenna Beers: I can spell.
Serenna Beers: Situation dot O
Serenna Beers: Feeling
Serenna Beers: Urge
Serenna Beers: Action now situation is still the same. I want to use right my situation is I want to use and you're trying to figure out how you are going to use
Serenna Beers: Here's where the key is, it's where we change our thought because our thought we changed the thought we changed the behavior if our thoughts are all negative, more than likely
Serenna Beers: The feeling in the urge proceeding that are also going to be along those same lines. So what if the thought was, what would be a thought that's a positive thought that's in a recovery mindset or just as more positive. What would be a thought.
iPhone: Well for me, us, it would be temporary. It's not worth it.
Serenna Beers: It's a temporary solution. How about this one to a permanent problem.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, now and there's more thoughts. Right. But just for like time sake. And just because I, I want you to understand how this works, because you can literally like when you have this feeling of wanting
Serenna Beers: To use. You can sit, sit down with a piece of paper and write out your, your strength. Okay. You think to yourself, I need to write this out because I don't want to use. So I need to figure out how to change my thought to change my
Serenna Beers: My action to my thought. It's a temporary solution to a permanent problem. So, what is my feeling. If I feel that way. What do you think that I'm going to feel
Serenna Beers: Think, maybe, maybe a little bit of hope.
iPhone: Yeah, just saying it mean right like just feel lighter
Serenna Beers: Whole. So how about calmer, or I feel calm.
Serenna Beers: Is there any joy. I mean, just saying that like you know you know beyond a shadow of a doubt you know better than anybody.
Serenna Beers: You know better than anybody that you pick up one time and it is not going to solve your problem. You know that, right, intuitively you know that
Serenna Beers: But sometimes saying it in your head is not enough. You got to get it out and you literally have to go through the steps of it.
Serenna Beers: My situation which turns into a thought, which creates a feeling, which produces an urge, which causes me to respond. That's my action. Right. So if I feel calm. Let's just even just say calm. If I feel calm. What do you think that my urge is going to be
iPhone: To say straight to
Serenna Beers: Us.
Serenna Beers: To not use right
Serenna Beers: Right. So if I have the urge to not use. What do you think I'm likely going to do
iPhone: It is. And when I find something else to fill that void.
Serenna Beers: And find something else better for me. How's that
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, you have a phone.
Serenna Beers: I want you. Can you take a picture of this
Serenna Beers: Right here.
Serenna Beers: This is going to be your tool. Okay.
iPhone: I forgot.
Serenna Beers: How to Take a picture.
Serenna Beers: Able to
Serenna Beers: Know, okay.
iPhone: Now I've lost
Serenna Beers: You. Oh.
Serenna Beers: Um,
iPhone: I got it back.
Okay.
iPhone: I get the idea.
iPhone: Okay, yeah, I have to
Serenna Beers: Okay. Just think a situation thought, feeling urge action if you just know those five words.
iPhone: Okay.
Serenna Beers: You. It'll, it'll trigger this this
Serenna Beers: it'll trigger in your memory. This conversation that you and I just just just had
Serenna Beers: For every situation. If you have a negative thought to start. It's just going to keep spiraling right so you have to change in order to change.
Serenna Beers: The behavior to one that you want that is conducive to your recovery and not debt detrimental. You have to change it at the thought. So the moment that thought comes
Serenna Beers: You have to write, write it out right because emotions are just are just like waves. They build and break. They build and break. You're not going to stay
Serenna Beers: This sad or this mad or this irritated or this frustrated or this pissed off all day and all night your emotion will eventually build and break. All you have to do is get through it a moment at a time. That's it, because it eventually will won't, it won't always stay that that
Serenna Beers: That heightened I guess is the term that I want to say.
iPhone: Okay, okay.
Serenna Beers: Please clear that stop share. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Did that help at all.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, good.
Serenna Beers: Well, listen. Um, if you ever get in a bind and you don't know anybody else to call call the virtual clinic. Tell them you need to speak to someone right right now.
Serenna Beers: I was assigned to you. So I'm your, I'm your, your therapist here through even though I know you you have one, you're still assigned one through us.
Serenna Beers: let let let them know, Hey, I'm in a bad, bad places.
Serenna Beers: Is there any way that I can squeeze in some time with with her and they will let me know, okay.
Serenna Beers: And they will hear this recording, so this will go into the note so they will be aware of that, too. Okay.
All right.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any questions at all.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me still.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. All right. Do you have any questions.
Serenna Beers: Nope, okay. I hope you have a good rest of your day and just remember it starts out the thought if you're starting to have negative thoughts, find a way to just flip it, flip it.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
iPhone: And if you do think one
Serenna Beers: Time, two times you'll probably do it just auto magically after, after a while, okay.
iPhone: Right.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you very, very much.
Serenna Beers: Stay well, okay.
iPhone: Okay, you too. Okay, bye bye